README.md, before:

# Design and Analysis of Algorithms

### Welcome to the **Design and Analysis of Algorithms** repository! 
This repository is a treasure trove of Python programs that demonstrate various algorithms taught in the “Design and Analysis of Algorithms” course, a key subject in the CSIT curriculum.

Whether you’re a CSIT student delving into this subject or an algorithm enthusiast exploring new techniques, this repository offers a wide range of well-documented algorithms for you to learn from and experiment with. Enjoy your journey through the fascinating world of algorithms!

## Algorithms
### The algorithms covered in this repository are:
- Searching algorithms:
    - Linear search
- Sorting algorithms:
    - Bubble sort
    - Insertion sort
    - Selection sort
    - Quick sort
- Divide & Conquer Algorithms:
    - Merge sort
    - Quick sort


## Installation
To run the programs in this repository, you need to have Python 3 installed on your system. You can download Python 3 from [<a href="https://www.python.org/downloads/" target="_blank">here</a>].

## Usage
To run a program, navigate to the folder that contains the program and execute it using Python: <br>


```python
cd Sorting
python bubbleSort.py

```


Some programs may require input from the user or from a file. Please follow the instructions given in the comments or on the console.


## Contributing 
We encourage you to contribute to this repository!

If you decide to contribute, please create a new folder for the language you’re adding and maintain the existing file structure. 

Before making a pull request, ensure your code is well-commented and your commit messages are clear and concise.



## Project Roadmap
Our goal is to have implementations of all algorithms taught in the “Design and Analysis of Algorithms” course in multiple programming languages. 

We’re starting with Python, but we aim to include other languages with your help. 

We look forward to seeing this repository grow with your contributions.




## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License. 
Meaning You can do what ever the hell you want with this code.

Commit message:

Bubble sort and Binary search using Javascript

README.md, after:

# Design and Analysis of Algorithms

### Welcome to the **Design and Analysis of Algorithms** repository!

This repository is a treasure trove of Python programs that demonstrate various algorithms taught in the “Design and Analysis of Algorithms” course, a key subject in the CSIT curriculum.

Whether you’re a CSIT student delving into this subject or an algorithm enthusiast exploring new techniques, this repository offers a wide range of well-documented algorithms for you to learn from and experiment with. Enjoy your journey through the fascinating world of algorithms!

## Algorithms

### The algorithms covered in this repository are:

- Searching algorithms:
  - Linear search
- Sorting algorithms:
  - Bubble sort
  - Insertion sort
  - Selection sort
  - Quick sort
- Divide & Conquer Algorithms:
  - Merge sort
  - Quick sort

## Installation

To run the programs in this repository, you need to have Python 3 installed on your system. You can download Python 3 from [<a href="https://www.python.org/downloads/" target="_blank">here</a>].

## Usage

To run a program, navigate to the folder that contains the program and execute it using Python: <br>

```python
cd Sorting
python bubbleSort.py
```

using Javascript: <br>

```javascript
cd Sorting
node linerSearch.js
```

Some programs may require input from the user or from a file. Please follow the instructions given in the comments or on the console.

## Contributing

We encourage you to contribute to this repository!

If you decide to contribute, please create a new folder for the language you’re adding and maintain the existing file structure.

Before making a pull request, ensure your code is well-commented and your commit messages are clear and concise.

## Project Roadmap

Our goal is to have implementations of all algorithms taught in the “Design and Analysis of Algorithms” course in multiple programming languages.

We’re starting with Python, but we aim to include other languages with your help.

We look forward to seeing this repository grow with your contributions.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.
Meaning You can do what ever the hell you want with this code.
